In your code, you are using the mongoose.connect() method to establish 
a connection with MongoDB. When connecting to MongoDB using Mongoose, if 
you don't specify a database name in the connection URL, Mongoose will
use a default database named "test" for the connection.

In your case, the connection URL is specified as process.env.MONGO_URL. 
This URL should contain the MongoDB connection string, which includes 
the necessary information to connect to the MongoDB server and specify the database.

If you're using a .env file to store environment variables, make sur
e you have set the MONGO_URL variable with the correct connection string 
that includes the database name you want to use. For example:

MONGO_URL=mongodb://localhost:27017/mydatabase
Replace mydatabase with the desired name for your database.

Once you have the correct MONGO_URL in your environment variables, 
Mongoose will 
establish a connection to the specified database, and you should be able to 
see the database in MongoDB Compass or any other MongoDB client.




In your code, the line Product.insertMany(dataProduct) is using Mongoose to insert
multiple documents into the "products" collection in MongoDB. The collection
name "products" is determined by Mongoose based on the pluralized 
form of the model name.

When defining the Product model using Mongoose, it internally creates
 a schema and maps it to a collection in MongoDB. By convention, Mongoose
 pluralizes the model name and uses that as the collection name
 unless you explicitly specify a different collection name.

For example, if you define the Product model like this:


const productSchema = new mongoose.Schema({
  // schema fields
});

const Product = mongoose.model('Product', productSchema);

Mongoose will create a collection named "products" in the connected
MongoDB database because it pluralizes the model name "Product".

If you want to use a different collection name for the Product model, 
you can specify it explicitly by providing the collection name 
as the third argument to the mongoose.model() method:


const Product = mongoose.model('Product', productSchema, 'customCollectionName');

Replace 'customCollectionName' with the desired name
for your collection.

By default, if you don't specify a custom collection name, 
Mongoose will create a collection with a name based on the 
pluralized model name. In your case, it created a collection
named "products" because you used the Product model 
without explicitly specifying a custom collection name.


const products = await Product.find() why Product.find()


In the provided code snippet, Product.find() is a Mongoose method used to
 retrieve data from the MongoDB database. It performs a query to find all 
 documents in the "products" collection and returns a promise that 
 resolves to an array of matching documents.


The find() method in Mongoose allows you to retrieve documents from a collection 
based on specified criteria. In this case, since no criteria are provided inside 
the parentheses, Product.find() will return all documents present in
 the "products" collection.

Here's an example of how you can use Product.find() to retrieve all documents from the "products" collection:



const products = await Product.find();
After executing this code, the products variable will hold an
array containing all the documents retrieved from the "products" collection.

You can also specify criteria inside the find() method to filter the results
 based on specific conditions. For example, if you want to find products
  with a certain price range, you can provide a query object as an argument to find():



const products = await Product.find({ price: { $gte: 10, $lte: 50 } });
This query will retrieve all products with a price greater than 
or equal to 10 and less than or equal to 50.

By using the find() method, you can retrieve documents from the
 database that match specific criteria or retrieve all documents
 if no criteria are provided.